docs/PowerShell/PowerShell.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: PowerShell
nav_order: 1
has_children: true
permalink: /docs/PowerShell
---

# Start Here
Here are the best articles to start with:

- [PowerShell Variables]
- [Cmdlets]
- [Data Structures]
- [Select-Object Overview]
- [Get-Help]
- [Useful Tips - Cheatsheet]
- [Where-Object In-depth]
- [IF Statements]
- [The Pipeline]
- [For Each Looping]

## Code Examples
Please note all the code blocks I include are ran on Powershell 7+, the behaviour/output may be different when using a lower version.

I recommend running the blocks in your terminal/PowerShell, if you haven't used a command-line a lot before, the best way to learn is to get exposure. I used to be quite intimidated and scared of cli (command-line interfaces) at the start. It's a bit like being scared of the dark, you think there might be monsters coming to get you. But if you just start speding more time in the dark, you'll get more comfortable, the monsters will still be there, but maybe they'll seem chill. 


[PowerShell Variables]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/variables.html
[Cmdlets]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/cmdlets.html
[Data Structures]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/data-structures.html
[Select-Object Overview]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/select-object.html
[Get-Help]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/get-help.html
[Useful Tips - Cheatsheet]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/cheatsheet.html
[Where-Object In-depth]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/where-object.html
[IF Statements]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/if-else.html
[The Pipeline]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/pipeline.html
[For Each Looping]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/foreach.html

Commit message:

Add disclaimer and fix typo in PowerShell.md

docs/PowerShell/PowerShell.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: PowerShell
nav_order: 1
has_children: true
permalink: /docs/PowerShell
---

# Start Here
Here are the best articles to start with:

- [PowerShell Variables]
- [Cmdlets]
- [Data Structures]
- [Select-Object Overview]
- [Get-Help]
- [Useful Tips - Cheatsheet]
- [Where-Object In-depth]
- [IF Statements]
- [The Pipeline]
- [For Each Looping]

## Disclaimer
These articles should not be considered ride-or-die advice and instruction. I, like all content creators in this space, have knowledge gaps and shortcomings. My blog is meant for a digestible and quick transfer of knowledge and your learning should consist of multiple resources that give you room to figure out the route to your goals. Would I recommend any of my posts to seasoned veterans? No. Would I recommend them to those wanting a foot in the door without having to parse a lot of verbose and dry technical documentation? Bingo. So I hope you fail fast and often and build up your toolset with practice (that is not in a production environment). Enjoy the journey.
 
## Code Examples
Please note all the code blocks I include are ran on Powershell 7+, the behaviour/output may be different when using a lower version.

I recommend running the blocks in your terminal/PowerShell, if you haven't used a command-line a lot before, the best way to learn is to get exposure. I used to be quite intimidated and scared of cli (command-line interfaces) at the start. It's a bit like being scared of the dark, you think there might be monsters coming to get you. But if you just start spending more time in the dark, you'll get more comfortable, the monsters will still be there, but maybe they'll seem chill.


[PowerShell Variables]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/variables.html
[Cmdlets]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/cmdlets.html
[Data Structures]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/data-structures.html
[Select-Object Overview]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/select-object.html
[Get-Help]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/get-help.html
[Useful Tips - Cheatsheet]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/cheatsheet.html
[Where-Object In-depth]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/where-object.html
[IF Statements]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/if-else.html
[The Pipeline]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/pipeline.html
[For Each Looping]: https://kasmichta.github.io/hjkl/docs/PowerShell/foreach.html
